{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset204\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f38\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f36\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f39\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f40\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f41\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f42\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f44\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f49\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f51\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f52\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs21\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning36\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext1 heading 1;}{
\s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext2 heading 2;}{
\s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext3 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \f1\fs18\ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{\*\cs16 \additive 
\f1\fs18\ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 FollowedHyperlink;}{\s17\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Normal (Web);}{
\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext18 pb;}{
\s19\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext19 soaph;}{
\s20\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs17\cf8\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 menu;}{
\s21\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs17\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext21 copy;}{
\s22\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs16\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext22 menuitem;}{
\s23\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs16\cf8\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext23 menuitem_n;}{
\s24\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext24 List;}{
\s25\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext25 listb;}{\s26\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\sl120\slmult0
\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs16\cf8\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext26 menuitemsel;}{\s27\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sbauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext27 righthead;}{\s28\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f1\fs17\cf9\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext28 copybold;}{\s29\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f1\fs17\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext29 devtool;}{\*\cs30 \additive \b \sbasedon10 Strong;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid3550254\rsid7150419}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.4219;}{\info{\author  }{\operator Pavel}
{\creatim\yr2003\mo12\dy5\min1}{\revtim\yr2003\mo12\dy18\hr19\min3}{\version4}{\edmins11}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords1026}{\nofchars5853}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws6866}{\vern16469}}\margl1701\margr850\margt1134\margb1134 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot7150419 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3550254 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\f1\fs32\cf2\insrsid7150419 The ExpressPrinting System 3 from Developer Express}{\f1\fs20\insrsid7150419 
\par 
\par Developer Express is pleased to announce the immediate availability of the ExpressPrinting System version 3, its data presentation and visualization system for Delphi and C++ Builder.
\par 
\par The ExpressPrinting System is an advanced component publishing system t
hat allows you to bring the best features of your user interface to the printed page.  Via its ReportLink technology, the Printing System is able to render and print visual controls from Developer Express, such as the ExpressQuantumGrid, ExpressLayoutCont
r
ol and ExpressMasterView; as well as a number of standard VCL controls such as the StringGrid and RichEdit. In addition to its exceptional design time capabilities, the ExpressPrinting System packs a powerful set of runtime designers that will impress you
r users while minimizing the time you have to spend developing custom reporting solutions.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid7150419 Runtime End-User Reporting Simplified!}{\f1\fs20\insrsid7150419 
\par 
\par When you combine the ExpressPrinting System with the ExpressQuantumGrid or ExpressMasterView, you get the threefold benefit o
f eliminating the tedium associated with creating traditional banded reports, greatly reducing development time, and putting flexibility back into the hands of your users.  No longer will you have to create and re-create reports because of simple changes 
t
o your database or such things as grouping or sort order.  No longer will you have to pull your hair out when a user requests a new report that was not in the original spec. By combining the ExpressPrinting System with the QuantumGrid and/or MasterView co
ntrols, your end-users can arrange data in any manner they see fit, and then print the contents of the control exactly as it appears on-screen. 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3550254 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid7150419 Features and Benefits
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3550254 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20\insrsid7150419 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3550254 \f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid7150419 
The ExpressPrinting System allows you to transform your existing user interface into eye
-catching reports that closely resemble the elements of your application users see everyday. When coupled with the ExpressQuantumGrid/ExpressQuantumTreeList and ExpressMasterView, the ExpressPrinting System becomes a tabular reporting tool of unprecedente
d flexibility. 
\par The ExpressPrinting System was designed with the same attention to detail and easy-to-use features as all other Developer Express products. Only a few steps are needed to add the full-featured printing functionality of the ExpressPrinting Sy
stem to your applications. The first step is to drop a dxComponentPrinter component onto a form. Second, create a new report link and link it to the component you want to print via property settings. Finally, in an appropriate event handler, insert a call
 to the Preview method of the dxComponentPrinter component. Presto! A professional and polished view of your component as it will be printed appears on screen. 
\par   \tab }{\insrsid7150419\charrsid7150419  }{\b\insrsid7150419\charrsid7150419 New Report Links}{\b\cf6\insrsid7150419\charrsid7150419  }{\insrsid7150419 - The ExpressPrinting System now supports more then 30 different visual con
trols including Generic Containters such as Form, Frame, Panel, and ExpressLayoutControl 
\par   \tab }{\b\cf6\insrsid7150419\charrsid7150419  }{\b\insrsid7150419\charrsid7150419 Report Persistence}{\insrsid7150419\charrsid7150419  }{\insrsid7150419 
- With version 3, you can now Save/Load to/from File/Stream. This feature is instantly available to your end-users via the ExpressPrinting System's Preview Window. 
\par   \tab }{\b\cf6\insrsid7150419\charrsid7150419  }{\b\insrsid7150419\charrsid7150419 Report Explorer Technology}{\insrsid7150419 
 - Our Report Explorers allows you to review/recall reports saved either to disk or a database (File Explorer or DB Explorer). They are linked to the TdxComponentPrinter which manages the DataSource for i
ndividual ReportLinks. These Explorers can be directly embedded into the PreviewWindow. 
\par   \tab }{\b\cf6\insrsid7150419\charrsid7150419  }{\b\insrsid7150419\charrsid7150419 Thumbnail PageView within the Preview Window 
\par }{\insrsid7150419   \tab  }{\b\insrsid7150419\charrsid7150419 Support for Express Styles and StyleSheets}{\insrsid7150419  - Full native support for Styles and StyleSheets when used in associat
ion with the ExpressQuantumGrid4, QuantumTreeList4, and ExpressVerticalGrid3. 
\par   \tab  }{\b\insrsid7150419\charrsid7150419 Unwrap "Detail views" in ExpressQuantumGrid v4 }{\insrsid7150419 - If a GridLevel has several SubLevels then all Levels will be printed one by one. 
\par   \tab }{\b\insrsid7150419\charrsid7150419  Additional 3 pagination modes for ExpressQuantumGrid v4}{\insrsid7150419  - By Rows, By TopLevel Groups and Custom (the appropriate event is fired during processing of each row in the Grid). 
\par   \tab }{\b\insrsid7150419\charrsid7150419  Additional 2 pagination modes for ExpressQuantumTreeList v4 }{\insrsid7150419 - By Nodes and Custom (the appropriate event is fired during processing of each node in the TreeList). 
\par   \tab }{\b\insrsid7150419\charrsid7150419 Full Custom Draw Support}{\insrsid7150419 
 - Need a green bar like report? Simply use the extensive custom draw support to implement all types of effects such as green-bar, high-low threshold, and visual alerts using the rich custom draw event model of the ExpressPrinting System. 
\par   \tab }{\b\insrsid7150419\charrsid7150419 Print Style Component}{\insrsid7150419  - Using the new Print Style components, you can provide, several distinct presentation styles for each ReportLink. Even more, using runtime-customization, your users can cr
eate new styles on the fly and save them for later use, just like Microsoft does in Outlook\'ae. 
\par   \tab }{\b\insrsid7150419\charrsid7150419 Header and Footer support}{\cf2\insrsid7150419\charrsid7150419  }{\insrsid7150419 
- ExpressPrinting System gives you exquisite control over the presentation and positioning of page headers and footers. There is sup
port for standard elements such as page numbers, dates, and times. Like all Developer Express products, the ExpressPrinting System includes extensive run-time customization, so your users can modify these headers and footers based upon their specific busi
ness needs. 
\par   \tab }{\b\insrsid7150419\charrsid7150419 Page Setup Dialog}{\insrsid7150419  - With the page setup dialog you can control virtually all aspects of printing. The page setup dialog supports the selection and creation of styles, selection of paper types,
 header/footer content and layout, and margins. No longer are these options hard or even impossible to control - the ExpressPrinting System makes it a breeze. 
\par   \tab }{\b\insrsid7150419\charrsid7150419 Print Dialog}{\insrsid7150419  - The enhanced print dialog gives you a high degree of control over what options
 are available when printing. Printer selection, output to file, page selection and collation are all there. You can even control what buttons are displayed or enabled, all through a convenient non-visual component interface. 
\par   \tab }{\b\insrsid7150419\charrsid7150419 Engine Controller}{\insrsid7150419  - The en
gine controller provides a quick and easy way to centrally control global properties for all reports that may be printed using the ExpressPrinting System. From this component you can control the look & feel, the path for saving custom settings, and Help f
ile. 
\par   \tab }{\b\insrsid7150419\charrsid7150419 Intelli-Zoom}{\insrsid7150419  - Using a mouse equipped with a wheel, you can zoom in and out on your reports without entering magnification manually, or selecting it from a menu. 
\par   \tab }{\b\insrsid7150419\charrsid7150419 Scaling Support }{\insrsid7150419 - With built in Scaling support, the ExpressPrinting System allows
 your users to automatically scale individual reports to fit on one or more pages, as their needs dictate. (Screen shot) 
\par   \tab }{\b\insrsid7150419\charrsid7150419 Color, pattern, texture, and picture fills and backgrounds 
\par   \tab Multiple page viewing modes such as single, double, quad, etc. 
\par   \tab Custom scaling. 
\par   \tab Intellimouse support. 
\par   \tab Drag-and-drop margins. 
\par   \tab Transparency support. 
\par   \tab Open and extensible architecture. 
\par }{\insrsid7150419 To learn more about the ExpressPrinting System, write to us at info@devexpress.com.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3550254 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid7150419 
\par }}